# Agriculture
Sifting through the data, I was curious if there were regional effects to any of the measurements for agricultural farms. If there are differences in the average amount of farms that fall into the different buckets of total sales. I found the [US Census Divisions and Regions](https://www2.census.gov/geo/pdfs/maps-data/maps/reference/us_regdiv.pdf) and denoted the different regions for each state and aggregated their average percent of farms in each bucket of total sales by region. In this circular graph, it partitions each wedge to be in its own region. Within each region are the three different sales buckets, radiating outward from the center. I chose this circular graph to not only challenge myself on a new type of visual but thought that it would show any disparities between the buckets.

We can see that the blue bars for almost every region except West North-Central are bigger than any other bucket. The west North-Central region includes a lot of the large, rural states, such as Kansas, Nebraska, and Iowa, where there’s a lot of land to build large farms and thus would contribute to a more equal distribution of farms across the buckets of sales. Whereas other regions that contain more urban or coastal states will have a large percentage of farms in the low sales bucket since they can’t divide large areas for farming. The regions with the biggest disparities would be the New England region, which has very small states and land in general, combating severe ice storms in the winter, and the South Atlantic, which has a lot of open land though they have to deal with hurricanes and severe storms during the summer. Both of these weather factors would cap how big a farm would get or what types of crops they could grow.